Port 3352 update docs for ci (#253)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/build-your-software-catalog/sync-data-to-catalog/ci-cd/codefresh-workflow-template/examples.mdx

## Complete example

> The following example adds another `image` blueprint, in addition to the `ciJob` blueprint shown in the previous example. In addition, it also adds a `image` relation. The Codefresh workflow template will create or update the relation between the 2 existing entities, allowing you to map the image to the ciJob that created it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example adds an `image` entity, in addition to the `ciJob` entity shown in the previous example. The `image` entity represents an artifact generated by the ciJob run.
```

> The following example adds another `image` blueprint, in addition to the `ciJob` blueprint shown in the previous example. In addition, it also adds a `image` relation. The Codefresh workflow template will create or update the relation between the 2 existing entities, allowing you to map the image to the ciJob that created it:

Reviewer: This paragraph and the one after it need to be combined, say something about the new image entity and the relation between it and the cijob and then show the complete example

  name: port.codefresh-complete-example.0.0.1
  annotations:
    port/version: "0.0.1"

>     port/description: "This Workflow Template is used to create a image entity, a ciJob entity and then print the JSON of the new image"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    port/description: "This Workflow Template is used to create an image entity, a ciJob entity and then print the JSON of the new image"
```

        annotations:
      dag:
        tasks:
          - name: entity-upsert-image
            templateRef:
              name: port
              template: entity-upsert
            arguments:
              parameters:
              - name: PORT_CREDENTIALS_SECRET
                value: "port-credentials"
              - name: PORT_CLIENT_ID_KEY
                value: "PORT_CLIENT_ID"
              - name: PORT_CLIENT_SECRET_KEY
                value: "PORT_CLIENT_SECRET"
              - name: BLUEPRINT_IDENTIFIER
                value: "image"
              - name: ENTITY_IDENTIFIER
                value: "example-image"
              - name: ENTITY_PROPERTIES
                value: |
                {
                  "imageTag": "v1",
                  "synkHighVulnerabilities": "0",
                  "synkMediumVulnerabilities": "0",
                  "gitRepoUrl": "https://github.com/my-org/my-cool-repo",
                  "imageRegistry": "docker.io/cool-image",
                  "size": "0.71",
                  "unitTestCoverage": "20",
                  "unitTestCoverage": "50",
                }

>           - name: entity-upsert-cijob

Reviewer: Missing a `dependencies` block here since you require the image entity to exist at this point
